--Name: Walter Cummings
--File: ASPHW04
--Date: Mar 1, 2021

1.  What are the .NET SDK command line tools used for?  Is their use required?  Why or why not?
Creating, managing, building, installing, and running projects.
Visual Studio - has tools to support 
Visual Studio Code - Requires command line tools.


2.  What  kind  of  applications  do  the  following  templates  create?   Run  these  commands  and  read  thedocumentation.  A brief summary of each template is sufficient. 
dotnet new console --help -- A project for creating a command-line application that can run on .NET Core on Windows, Linux and macOS
Options; Creates a new project, configuration file, or solution based on the specified template.;  
dotnet new mvc --help - A project template for creating an ASP.NET Core application
dotnet new web --help - An empty project template for creating an ASP.NET Core application.


3.  What, specifically, do the following commands do? 
--dotnet new globaljson --sdk-version 3.1.101 --output MySolution/MyProject: creates a MySolution/MyProject folder that contains a global.json file, which specifies that the project
will use .NET Core version 3.1.1. The top-level folder, named MySolution, is used to group multiple projects together. The nested
MyProject folder will contain a single project.

--dotnet new web --no-https --output MySolution/MyProject --framework netcoreapp3.1: creates the project using the web template

--dotnet new sln -o MySolution: create a solution file that references the new project

--dotnet sln MySolution add MySolution/MyProject: create a solution file that references the new project


4.  What is the purpose of the global.json file?
specifying the version of .NET Core that will be used.
Adding the global.json file ensures the right version of the .NET Core SDK will be used by the project.


5.  What does the method app.UseStaticFiles()do?
adds support for responding to HTTP requests with static content in the wwwroot folder, such as the HTML file
created in the previous section. 


6.  What do the following two commands do? dotnet build dotnet run
Dotnet build - builds the project
Dotnet run - Runs the project
The compiler will build the project and then start the integrated ASP.NET Core HTTP server to listen for HTTP requests on port
5000.

7.  (not in book) You cah manage pacakges using the NuGet package manager and the command line tooldotnet add package.  What are packages and what are they used for.
contain compiled code (as DLLs) along with other content needed in the projects that consume these packages


8.  What are tool packages and what are they used for?
Tool packages install commands that can be used from the command line to perform operations on .NET Core projects.


10.  What are client side packages and what are they used for?
Client-side packages contain content that is delivered to the client, such as images, CSS stylesheets, JavaScript files, and static
HTML.


11.  List two ways that a developer can debug code.
Using the Visual studio debugger or using command line tools to CW the error messages.